Countdown to Mother 3!
Published on March 02, 2006.
In case you don’t know, Mother 3 is the newest in the Mother series of games from Japan.
Mother 2 was released here in the states as “Earthbound” for the SNES.
Anyway, over at the official Mother 3 webpage , they’re doing some kind of time-release teaser site.
Every Tuesday, another present will be unwrapped, whether it be screenshots, game music, or screenshots.
Hey Mother 3 people, get more creative!
Mother 3 is coming to the Gameboy Advance, which means I can play it on my Nintendo DS.
I really liked Earthbound a lot (though not as much as my cousin), so I might import it and struggle through the Japanese to play it.
The graphics are going to be just as spritey as on the SNES version, so I have a feeling this game will be retro RPGing at its best.
Mother 3 will be released in Japan on 4-20-06, so until then, be satisfied with the “presents.”